Update docs for arrival of the Astronomer Cloud CLI (#331)
astronomer/docs: cloud/install-cli.md

- List the Astronomer Workspace and Deployments you have access to.
- Deploy a project to Astronomer Cloud.

This guide provides instructions for how to install the Astronomer Cloud CLI.

## Prerequisites

> To install and use the Astronomer Cloud CLI, you must have:

Author: Docker is a prerequisite for both Mac and Windows. Do you think we should add prerequisites to the tabs themselves.

> To install and use the Astronomer Cloud CLI, you must have:

Author: Got it, probably best to add prerequisites to the tabs themselves and make them platform specific

        ```

    - ARM64:

        ```powershell
        Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://goreleaserdev.blob.core.windows.net/goreleaser-test-container/releases/v0.0.2-alpha/cloud-cli_0.0.2-alpha_Windows_arm64.tar.gz -OutFile astrocloudcli.tar.gz
        ```

3. Run the following command to unzip the executable:

    ```sh
    tar -xvzf .\astrocloudcli.tar.gz
    ```

4. To run the executable without specifying its file path, save `astrocloud.exe` in a secure location on your machine and add its filepath in the Windows PATH environment variable. For more information about configuring the PATH environment variable, read [Java documentation](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/path.html).

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Confirm the Install

To confirm the CLI was installed properly, run the following:

```
astrocloud version
```

If the installation was successful, you should see the following output:

<pre><code parentName="pre">{`% astrocloud version
Astro CLI Version: ${siteVariables.cliVersion}`}</code></pre>

## Next Steps

> Now that you've installed the Astronomer Cloud CLI, you're ready to create an Astronomer project and start developing locally. For instructions, read [Create an Astronomer Project](create-project.md).

Reviewer: @sunkickr I still think we should do this - we need to give some explicit path to using this new binary for existing customers. In steps, what do we tell them to do?

> Now that you've installed the Astronomer Cloud CLI, you're ready to create an Astronomer project and start developing locally. For instructions, read [Create an Astronomer Project](create-project.md).

Author: I think the best way to approach this would be a `warning` level note in the Prerequisites stating "If you are using the executable binary, make sure to [steps for deleting executable] before completing this installation. For more info, see release notes"

> Now that you've installed the Astronomer Cloud CLI, you're ready to create an Astronomer project and start developing locally. For instructions, read [Create an Astronomer Project](create-project.md).

Reviewer: Agreed, shouldn't be permanent! Added a suggestion to Jake's addition above. Resolving this convo for RN!

- List the Astronomer Workspace and Deployments you have access to.
- Deploy a project to Astronomer Cloud.

This guide provides instructions for how to install the Astronomer Cloud CLI.

## Prerequisites

To install and use the Astronomer Cloud CLI on Mac, you must have:

- [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
- [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) (v18.09 or higher).

To install and use the Astronomer Cloud CLI on Windows, you must have:

- [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) (v0.13.1 or higher).

:::caution

> If you currently use the `astro` executable file to run CLI commands, you must delete this file and any related system environment variables or symbolic links before installing the Astronomer Cloud CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you currently use the `astro` executable file to run CLI commands, we strongly recommend that you upgrade to the Astronomer Cloud CLI. To do this:

1. Delete the `astro` file from your local directories
2. Install the Astronomer Cloud CLI by following the steps above

Make sure to delete any related system environment variables or symbolic links to `astro` if you set them. Upgrading to Astronomer Cloud CLI will not affect running tasks or existing Deployments.
```
